I'll just terrier and I wants to come on
today so I why my hair South miss that
is and this is very important you guys I
want you all to look at something I have
major hang some I am so I'm just like
blown away because I haven't one twist
in a wow it's been a minute I mean just
like just send a kiss like this I
haven't um I haven't worn down how I'm
doing some kind of style I'm done a few
look like this site styles and I think I
incorporated to switch to them but just
like doing like half of my hair is this
I have to really sing how they looked up
until now and so basically what i have
is i have sizes on this side and then
damn i have my falsehood these were done
on dry hair and when I used was MDW
natural heirs daily moisturizer this is
the big one all of this stuff but um
what i did is i did like lightly blow
dry my hair on a warm setting it wasn't
on cool it was on warm so I kind of
stretched my hair because I wanted it to
be kind of lumpy long-dated I didn't use
I mean hardly anything you guys you
don't know I on you excessive heat in
Eddie anyway so I just basically you
know defense spray my hair with my ass
over harbor same thing I always do a
shampoo experiment a survivor I put my
daily moisturizer on me I mood right out
my hair and then on this side I actually
use a heavier or a stronger holding sale
this eco styler with our oil
um this is basically that I'll reveal
that I will use that isn't my um my own
0 my system i feel i use this when I
want a stronghold so this is awesome the
only other product that I use this not
my product is I said I was gonna kill
you guys because some people like asked
me do i only use my line of products and
front of ya in basic things that's all I
use oh there's one other thing hold on
one second this is the other stuff ah
this stuff is so good if you see it you
gotta get it if you haven't already
tried it organic pure mayonnaise I used
to use this other time I think they're
made by somebody different I don't even
know if I have the dryer anymore but it
costs like nine books it was pretty good
but I tried this and this was just as
good or even better because snail sell
to me and I love it because I'm all-in
so you know putting the arts and stuff
in it and enhance the artsy something it
is so good if you did condition here but
says it's awesome because you'll get a
good balance of protein and it
represents offensive here like in here
automatically goes hmm you know we put
it in your hair is awesome now i am
gonna stop using it though when I'm
formulating my own purchases but without
chemicals because this does have phones
in it um yeah there there's a
connoisseur
you